Testathon fixes (#113)
RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation: downstream/modules/navigator/con-navigator-modes.adoc

navigating the text-based interface:: The screen shows how to page up or down, scroll, escape to a prior screen or access `:help`.
output by line number:: You can access any line number in the displayed output by preceding it with a colon, for example `:12`.
color-coded output:: With colors enabled, {Navigator} displays items such as deprecated modules in red.

> pagination and scrolling:: You can page up or down or scroll and escape using the options displayed at the bottom of each {Navigator} screen.

Reviewer: I wonder if it would be better to generalize this sentence.

```suggestion
pagination and scrolling:: You can traverse and scroll each results screen by using the keyboard shortcuts displayed at the bottom of any {Navigator} screen.
```

This feels a bit easier to parse at a glance to me.
